{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red22\green21\blue22;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c11373\c10980\c11373;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17240\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 During last summer, two creatures met. One of them left and they decided that they needed to continue the meeting through a series of exchanged texts, not separating where the writing of one ends and the other begins.\'a0This (an)archive exponentially grew and reached more than a hundred pages. Through collective writing, techniques were developed for living together even apart. 
\fs24 \strokec4 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \strokec3 During that summer, we watched the last season of the TV series Twin Peaks. One of the main characters' manufactured doppelg\'e4ngers travels to this world but keeps some tendencies of his past iteration from the black lodge, speaking words back to front (we heard him saying \'91vrey\'92 instead of \'91yrev\'92, which would be \'91very\'92 in this world). Moving with non-linear temporalities of letters attuned to 
\fs30 \cf5 \strokec5 our bodies in different chronological times zones while still living in spectropoetic togetherness. 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Calling it \'91I\'92m vrey into you\'92 resonated with the book of exchanged emails between McKenzie Wark and Kathy Acker in the mid-nineties, published as \'91I\'92m very into you\'92.\'a0
\fs24 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \strokec3 This multimodal meeting of letters already found all kinds of iterations. Published in two different forms on two different platforms. Spoken out loud in two different forms at two different venues. Each time again realizing new configurations, not only of our writing, but also of our meeting. Not a meeting between one and the other, but between the many at once. The multiplicity of writing, the endless adding up of myriad voices, does not distill them into one. There is 
\i a
\i0  one, as in a singularity at once, but it is still the many that came as one, one always already traversed by the many. Each \'91one\'92 beautifully nuanced to one another. The fabulatory, mobilized as a mode of collective storying, resists writing within contained words and worlds. It participates instead in each encounter yet to come. By feeling the fabulatory in the field of the suspense, it attunes to the not-yet of togetherness; the meeting of the many at once, each time again. }